This documents an upgrade of the Makergear M2 heated bed to 24V.

The original heated bed used a 200mm x 200mm "kapton tape" heater
applied to the underside of an aluminum heat spreader.

To upgrade to 24V I stripped and cleaned the aluminum heat spreader.
Using an xacto knife I was able to cut between the aluminum heat
spreader and kapton tape (along the side of the heat spreader).  I was
then able to peel off the kapton tape heater (which also removed most
of the cork insulation).  I also used the xacto knife to remove the
remaining cork board.  I unscrewed the thermistor and set it aside (I
reused it later in the build).  To clean the adhesive from the heat
spreader I alternatively soaked it in isoprophyl alcohol and scrubbed
it with a "green scotch-brite pad".

I purchased a "200x200mm 24V 200W Silicone Heater" ($31 from Gulfcoast
Robotics).  Since I was not going to use the thermistor that came with
the heater, I snipped the wires to the new thermistor, used an xacto
knife to carefully remove it from the silicone heater, and then I also
used the xacto knife to carefully scrape off the remaining adhesive on
the silicone heater.  I then attached this heater to the back of the
cleaned aluminum heat spreader.  (There are videos online describing
how to attach a silicone heater without introducing air pockets.)  I
then screwed the original thermistor on to the heat spreader.

To insulate the silicone heater, I purchased some "2mm cork sheets
with self-adhesive" ($12 for 8-pack of 30cm x 21cm sheets from
Amazon).  Since the new silicone heater is thicker than the original
kapton tape heater, I first attached two 25mm strips of cork on the
sides of the heat spreader (cutting out for the thermistor).  I then
placed a single cork sheet over the entire back of the heat spreader.

The original heater used a "Deans connector" for quick disconnect.  I
liked this setup, so I soldered off the wires from the existing plug,
and then cut, stripped, and soldered the new silicone heater wires to
it.  This allowed me to reuse the existing bed heater and thermistor
wiring.
